Black Black Friday.
The local effort to.
Celebrate and support.
Black-owned businesses.
Throughout the holiday season.
Black Black Friday.
If you were in the Puget Sound last fall,
you couldn't go anywhere without seeing it,
hearing it, or reading it.
And even though it gained national attention,
it started right here in Seattle
with a simple problem:
that Black people make up 8% of our population,
but own less than 1% of the businesses.
And those businesses are five times more likely to close
than white ones.
So Black Black Friday was born.
Look around.
What do you see?
You see us guiding all that is culture
and giving the whole world its sense of cool.
With us, everything is wrapped in love.
A cultural movement
to hack the biggest shopping holiday of the year
to support Black-owned businesses.
It started with the Black Black Friday card,
a prepaid card that saves shoppers 20%
at Black-owned businesses.
And thanks to our friends at BECU,
doesn't cost those businesses a dime.
To spread the word,
we called on our community.
And people really came through.
People like Intentionalist,
who connected us to businesses across the Pacific Northwest.
Business owners who gave their time and wisdom
to sit on a panel and help guide the work
from start to finish.
(upbeat music)
Artists who lent their talents to the cause.
Local celebrities-
Brad Evans here.
What's up, y'all?
It's Doug.
who shared on social.
And even the mayor got on board.
I hereby proclaim November 24th, 2023,
to be Black Black Friday.
And all that work paid off
for the people who matter most.
To be seen outside of just your community means a lot.
Business owners that I've been in communication with
have all realized increased sales.
We were, you know, up close to 60% of new customers.
Yeah, every day is Black Black Friday now.
So yeah, our little movement made a big impact,
put money back in the pockets of Black business owners,
and got the people talking in a big way.
But if you ask us,
the real impact has only just begun.